what happened remember when we've said
if we didn't make it by the time we were
30 who have moved back to Ohio
yeah we're 30 is right now how did
we get so far off track what are you
talking about we both have good things
going on right now
hey did I see you in a commercial yeah I
have I have I have general herpes
what's up you don't jump out on brothers
man
you don't like that so we're going to
party tonight cops are ghosts here
choice I don't want to be a ghost let's
be cops we look ridiculous feel like
Danny Glover before he got too old for
this
this is not a costume party this is a
masquerade party that's the same that
they not the same thing some really bad
is this for real
I'm sorry I have no idea that you were a
cop but she likes you man you don't mess
with the mob cheers Cheers I'm taking
this
we did get this thing it's a super elite
alright this no twenty little pricks
asked me what I do all day
he's a cop Ron he ain't you or
we could go to jail for years for this
early 20s possibly intoxicated
sweet
[Music]
[Applause]
man
I gotta tell you something I'm not a cop
okay I am a cop holy them account
[Music]
oh yeah thank God we are here it's my
sorority sisters
control the situation